c:\users\pc\documents\visual studio 2012\Projects\CrudAspMVC\CrudAspMVC\bin\CrudAspMVC.dll
c:\users\pc\documents\visual studio 2012\Projects\CrudAspMVC\CrudAspMVC\bin\CrudAspMVC.pdb
c:\users\pc\documents\visual studio 2012\Projects\CrudAspMVC\CrudAspMVC\bin\Microsoft.Web.Infrastructure.dll
c:\users\pc\documents\visual studio 2012\Projects\CrudAspMVC\CrudAspMVC\bin\Microsoft.Web.Mvc.FixedDisplayModes.dll
c:\users\pc\documents\visual studio 2012\Projects\CrudAspMVC\CrudAspMVC\bin\Newtonsoft.Json.dll
c:\users\pc\documents\visual studio 2012\Projects\CrudAspMVC\CrudAspMVC\bin\System.Web.Helpers.dll
c:\users\pc\documents\visual studio 2012\Projects\CrudAspMVC\CrudAspMVC\bin\System.Web.Mvc.dll
c:\users\pc\documents\visual studio 2012\Projects\CrudAspMVC\CrudAspMVC\bin\System.Web.Razor.dll
c:\users\pc\documents\visual studio 2012\Projects\CrudAspMVC\CrudAspMVC\bin\System.Web.WebPages.Deployment.dll
c:\users\pc\documents\visual studio 2012\Projects\CrudAspMVC\CrudAspMVC\bin\System.Web.WebPages.dll
c:\users\pc\documents\visual studio 2012\Projects\CrudAspMVC\CrudAspMVC\bin\System.Web.WebPages.Razor.dll
c:\users\pc\documents\visual studio 2012\Projects\CrudAspMVC\CrudAspMVC\bin\Newtonsoft.Json.xml
c:\users\pc\documents\visual studio 2012\Projects\CrudAspMVC\CrudAspMVC\bin\System.Web.Helpers.xml
c:\users\pc\documents\visual studio 2012\Projects\CrudAspMVC\CrudAspMVC\bin\System.Web.Mvc.xml
c:\users\pc\documents\visual studio 2012\Projects\CrudAspMVC\CrudAspMVC\bin\System.Web.Razor.xml
c:\users\pc\documents\visual studio 2012\Projects\CrudAspMVC\CrudAspMVC\bin\System.Web.WebPages.xml
c:\users\pc\documents\visual studio 2012\Projects\CrudAspMVC\CrudAspMVC\bin\System.Web.WebPages.Deployment.xml
c:\users\pc\documents\visual studio 2012\Projects\CrudAspMVC\CrudAspMVC\bin\System.Web.WebPages.Razor.xml
c:\users\pc\documents\visual studio 2012\Projects\CrudAspMVC\CrudAspMVC\obj\Debug\CrudAspMVC.dll
c:\users\pc\documents\visual studio 2012\Projects\CrudAspMVC\CrudAspMVC\obj\Debug\CrudAspMVC.pdb
C:\Users\PC\documents\visual studio 2012\Projects\CrudAspMVC\CrudAspMVC\obj\Debug\CrudAspMVC.csprojResolveAssemblyReference.cache
