c:\users\pc\documents\visual studio 2012\Projects\MvcApp\MvcApp\bin\MvcApp.dll
c:\users\pc\documents\visual studio 2012\Projects\MvcApp\MvcApp\bin\MvcApp.pdb
c:\users\pc\documents\visual studio 2012\Projects\MvcApp\MvcApp\bin\Antlr3.Runtime.dll
c:\users\pc\documents\visual studio 2012\Projects\MvcApp\MvcApp\bin\EntityFramework.dll
c:\users\pc\documents\visual studio 2012\Projects\MvcApp\MvcApp\bin\Microsoft.Web.Infrastructure.dll
c:\users\pc\documents\visual studio 2012\Projects\MvcApp\MvcApp\bin\Microsoft.Web.Mvc.FixedDisplayModes.dll
c:\users\pc\documents\visual studio 2012\Projects\MvcApp\MvcApp\bin\Newtonsoft.Json.dll
c:\users\pc\documents\visual studio 2012\Projects\MvcApp\MvcApp\bin\System.Web.Mvc.dll
c:\users\pc\documents\visual studio 2012\Projects\MvcApp\MvcApp\bin\System.Web.Optimization.dll
c:\users\pc\documents\visual studio 2012\Projects\MvcApp\MvcApp\bin\System.Web.Providers.dll
c:\users\pc\documents\visual studio 2012\Projects\MvcApp\MvcApp\bin\System.Web.Razor.dll
c:\users\pc\documents\visual studio 2012\Projects\MvcApp\MvcApp\bin\System.Web.WebPages.Deployment.dll
c:\users\pc\documents\visual studio 2012\Projects\MvcApp\MvcApp\bin\System.Web.WebPages.dll
c:\users\pc\documents\visual studio 2012\Projects\MvcApp\MvcApp\bin\System.Web.WebPages.Razor.dll
c:\users\pc\documents\visual studio 2012\Projects\MvcApp\MvcApp\bin\WebGrease.dll
c:\users\pc\documents\visual studio 2012\Projects\MvcApp\MvcApp\bin\EntityFramework.xml
c:\users\pc\documents\visual studio 2012\Projects\MvcApp\MvcApp\bin\Newtonsoft.Json.xml
c:\users\pc\documents\visual studio 2012\Projects\MvcApp\MvcApp\bin\System.Web.Mvc.xml
c:\users\pc\documents\visual studio 2012\Projects\MvcApp\MvcApp\bin\System.Web.Razor.xml
c:\users\pc\documents\visual studio 2012\Projects\MvcApp\MvcApp\bin\System.Web.WebPages.xml
c:\users\pc\documents\visual studio 2012\Projects\MvcApp\MvcApp\bin\System.Web.WebPages.Deployment.xml
c:\users\pc\documents\visual studio 2012\Projects\MvcApp\MvcApp\bin\System.Web.WebPages.Razor.xml
c:\users\pc\documents\visual studio 2012\Projects\MvcApp\MvcApp\obj\Debug\MvcApp.csprojResolveAssemblyReference.cache
c:\users\pc\documents\visual studio 2012\Projects\MvcApp\MvcApp\obj\Debug\MvcApp.dll
c:\users\pc\documents\visual studio 2012\Projects\MvcApp\MvcApp\obj\Debug\MvcApp.pdb
